Updates to reflect new status page (#402)
DeepLcom/api-docs: docs/resources/roadmap-and-release-notes.mdx

- Usage reporting by language pair
</Update>

<Update label="July 2026">
## July 16 - Combined Status Page

> - DeepL now provide a [combined status page](https://www.deeplstatus.com) with a tabbed viw for [API](https://www.deeplstatus.com/?tab=api)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DeepL now provides a [combined status page](https://www.deeplstatus.com) with a tabbed view for [the API](https://www.deeplstatus.com/?tab=api).
```
